Hi guys, I'm just I need
anime image to make realistic using this
queen model image. Okay, let's
>> Okay, first thing first, open the conf.
Okay, run it from here this.
Okay, go to template here. Okay, won't
this
illustration to realism?
Okay, to use this model you must
download this with sync model
VA
the fusion model and those okay I'll
download those files
can download from here by clicking this
button very well or you can just copy
the URL like this and go here add URL
and the downloading
take the stop button for me. I download
those files. Okay, pause the video and
download those files and return right
here. Okay, let's add one by those files
and Okay,
let's go right here.
Got this. Open the portable
go.
Okay.
The first is text on
2.5.
>> Let's go here. Modern text to
want to use this.
Drag it and piece.
It's simple.
No, this one
v
queen mus
when image edit 259
A4 M3
that's right here. I search for diffus
right here.
Okay. for the lowered to
anything
and lightning. Anything and lightning is
also
here. Search for loras use
select both of this and drag it right
here.
Okay. Uh after that let's
read up the page and see what's happen.
Okay, first you need to load us and
paste your edit me image from clip.
Okay, for this change image one to
realistic photographs and we use the
result right here.
Okay. I don't need
image of Google.
Let's use this one for example
super
clean.
Yeah.
Okay, this is this
open
after that run
Now, okay, to create this nice image, it
takes around 3 minutes using this uh
mod. Okay, thank you guys for watching
this all for this tutorial.